Adding License files for Helm Charts and Updating Chart README (#6008)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: deploy/README.md

```sh
kubectl get elastic -l "app.kubernetes.io/instance"=es-kb-quickstart -n elastic-stack
```

## Licensing

> 

Reviewer: That's fine but I think I should have mentioned the base license. Something along these lines:

```
All ECK Helm Charts are licensed under Elastic License 2.0 like the operator,
but require different subscription levels.

The ECK Operator Helm Chart can be used with a Basic license for free,
while the ECK Stack and Resources Helm Charts require an Enterprise license.
```

### ECK Operator Helm Chart

> The ECK Operator is licensed under the [Elastic License 2.0](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license), and is free to use under the limitations defined within the License.

Reviewer: This may be confusing to some.
```suggestion
The ECK Operator and its Helm Chart are licensed under the [Elastic License 2.0](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license), and are free to use under the limitations defined within the License.
```
